Update add-users-administrator.md with new resend invitation experience (#72256)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/external-identities/add-users-administrator.md

3. Under **Manage**, select **Users**.
5. Select the user account.
6. Under **Manage**, select **Profile**.

> 7. If the user has not yet accepted the invitation, a **Resend invitation** option is available. Select **manage** to open the **Manage invitations** menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. If the user has not yet accepted the invitation, in the **Identity** section, **Invitation accepted** will be set to **No**. To resend the invitation, select **(manage)**. Then in the **Manage invitations** page, next to **Resend invite?" select **Yes**, and select **Done**.
```

>    ![B2B_ResendNew](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80779693/111352250-e241e200-867b-11eb-9adb-3b484cd5992a.png)

Reviewer: Thanks for the screenshot for reference - you can remove it for now and I'll follow up with a formatted one (we have specific guidelines for size, etc.
